# Video-Recommender-System
Recommender systems are an important part of information and e-commerce ecosystem. They represent a powerful method for enabling users to filter through large information and product spaces. Nearly past years of research on collaborative filtering have led to a varied set of algorithms and a classic collection of tools and software for evaluating their performance. Research in the field is moving in the direction of a richer understanding of how recommender technology may be embedded in specific domains. The variety of personalities exhibited by different recommender algorithms show that recommendation is not a one-size-fits-all problem. Domain specific tasks, information needs, and item domains represent unique problems for recommenders, and design and evaluation of recommenders needs to be done based on the user tasks to be supported. Effective deployments must begin with proper analysis of prospective users and their goals. Based on this analysis, system developer has a host of options for the choice of algorithm and for its embedding in the user experience. This report describes what we did on the course project, including the details of how our video recommender system works and the techniques we used. The target of this project is to develop a video recommender system. The basic functions include recommendation of videos for particular user. Some other improvements are also provided, like testing and evaluation on different datasets. Also, the system is combined with some advanced algorithms, such as collaborative filtering, correlation coefficient, hold out test.
